I like your commitment towards the course. your feedback are more energetic and motivating me to do more. And your assignments on real time scenarios are excellent. please accept my deepest thanks. All the best.
The software for the most important part the ANALYTICS is outdated, not asked about in interviews or wanted on job boards. The tableau was not deep enough to make any difference in getting a job the data was too small to say you figured anything out. The prof is smart and could be teaching a class that is useful as a data scientist that would help us get a job. This class was a waste of my money and as a for-profit college trying to teach something you have failed again. I still have not learned Analytics I need for a job interview or to help me keep up with other students that chose much better schools.
Honestly, I was disappointed in the course. I was hoping to have more hands-on learning and real-world application of data analytics and visualization topics. Need to go through the in-class hands-on exercises in SAS EM and Tableau slower. I got lost a few times and had a hard time catching up. Also, I wished there would have been more exercises/assignments using Tableau. I feel that I could have learned more about Tableau by reading a book and working through exercises on my own. The data analytics portion should be taught using R instead of SAS as I feel R is more of a marketable skill than SAS EM is. The two parts of the class (analytics and visualization) should be broken out into separate classes in order to go more in depth. It was difficult to be engaged during the class lectures. Maybe it's part of being in the Saturday class but, especially by the afternoon, it was hard to just sit and listen and look at lecture slides. There was a lot of conceptual material, which was helpful, but terms weren't adequately defined which made it difficult to learn and comprehend. There needed to be more of a hands-on component. Finally, I think the ethics of using student midterm data including individuals' demographic data for the final project is questionable.
He's a good professor but the way to deliver the lecture is not good. Just running through the slides. About the course itself, It emphasis more on theoretical than practical. For the Visualization It didn't focus more on practical approach.
Abe is new to teaching. I think he was definitely more better with the videos and the lectures second half of the semester. I liked his videos rather than the handouts. Very helpful and passionate about the Data Analytics which definitely helped.
Very helpful and very willing to assist.~
