A decent course, with interesting material, but having a professor (Kazemzadeh) teach from another professor's (Rege) materials and slides seemed ineffective. The lack of a course text, or something more concrete to follow lead to confusion at times in knowing what was pertinent. I don't feel like any one topic was covered in-depth, and only gained a surface-level understanding of some things.
Thank you for making yourself so available outside of class!
I think this overall course was good, I think that if the professor had his own slides for the course it would have been better for our learn purposes, using course material that the other professor had made it harder on him as a professor but also us as students. I think over time with his understanding of the material he will get more comfortable.
I think that there should be a pre-requisite for this class that students need to completed OPMT-600 (Stat Methods for Dec Making) before being able to take this class. I am also taking the stats class in addition to this class, but much of what is taught in the second part of the semester in the stats class is the foundation for all the math related to the analytics part in the first half of the semester for this class. That was a major struggle.
Great effort for a first course at St. Thomas. Thanks for trying hard!
This course is does not meet the level of graduate school. I felt it was a basic introductory class that should have been a prerequisite for a class that took the time to explore the concepts in better detail.
He has a great knowledge and experience in his field, and has got very good personality and is always willing to help students. He will continue to explain things until the student understand the material.He makes him self available to students even after class hours. I had stopped by at his office many times this semester when I had questions. He is always accepting and willing to help students. Abe is a great professor.
Lecture slides have very little dialogue to refer back to. The only way to study material presented by Dr. Kazemzadeh was to be a fast writer taking good notes or reviewing the 3 hours lectures that were recorded. I would prefer the lecture slides gave more dialogue and there was a course textbook as an assistive aid. Dr. Kazemzadeh shows that he is passionate about data analytics and visualization and wants everyone he is teaching to understand the topics. His style of presenting the information is not well suited for my learning style. I wish we would have done more hands-on practice with visualization as I felt we spent too much time looking at visualizations - it felt redundant.
I think it would help to have a specific set of data that students use throughout the analytics and visualization portions of the course to get a more full understanding of the lifespan of a data analytic process with one set of data. Also, I don't really have any insights as to how to correct this, but I put at least 20 hours into preparing for the midterm and at least 20 hours preparing for the final and came out of both feeling utterly dejected. It was frustrating to put that much effort into studying and still feel like (a) you don't understand what is expected of you on the exam and (b) to feel like you have a good grasp on the topics going into the exam and coming out feeling like you know nothing. I know we had study guide slides, but those simply truncated the slides from the course. Maybe more in class (or take home) practice problems that better prepare us for what to expect on the midterm, at the very least to prepare for the formatting of the exam. Lastly, I am in the business analytics program and have no analytic or visualization background; I am interested in the subject and broaching that field for work, which is why I enrolled in the program. At times in this class I really felt like this was a handicap and that we were working off an assumption of knowledge that I did not have. I don't mean the above statements to come off as complaining or whining, just merely conveying some of the speed bumps I encountered this semester. Overall, I really enjoyed the topics covered in class and felt like I gained some great experience using tools I have never used before. You clearly have a strong command of the topics and I really enjoyed your style of teaching, I felt you were very helpful and approachable. Thank you for a good semester. All the best.
Overall, I think St. Thomas could have provided more mentoring to Ebrahim, since this was his first term teaching. I feel like the feedback provided to him midpoint in the semester was not applied for the rest of the semester. I think he has a lot of great insight to bring to this class, but needs to become more comfortable leading the class. His class engagement skills could be improved. I would recommend Dale Carnegie: High Impact Presentation Course for this. I've been disappointed with this course and feel that I did not learn valuable information that I can take and apply. Instead, it has felt like a waste of time and money.
It would be nice to try to keep the in-class discussion focused and concise (more from the students than from Abe)
