I feel so lucky to be one of members in Abe's class. Abe is a excellent professor who taught us in a interesting way with abundant knowledge.
Far too often allowed the class to be taken aside by students to answer their specific technological questions, especially in the middle of lectures. These inopportune interruptions greatly diminished my learning experience, as I imagine it did for others as well. It does not help that there was no ability for Prof. Kazemzadeh's to give literal hands-on help to those students. This course does not work very well as an online synchronous class, perhaps online asynchronous would be better. I have no doubt in Prof. Kazemzadeh's expertise in the field, and given a normal semester, I believe I would have much better feedback to give.
Abe is a wonderful human. He is the kind of person I would like to be friends with. However, he is hard to learn from. It feels as though he is either learning along with us or understands the material so well he struggles to break down the concepts. I do like him as a person though.
Generally, this course is well designed for students who need to practice more in data analyses. The professor has extensive knowledge to lead the course and provides good examples.
We have covered all topics from one book and solved the problems in it. The book has covered most of the topics nicely and we got all doubts cleared by professor. Thanks you !
I really liked this class. I liked the layout and learning from the different students. The breakout discussion groups helped me get to know my peers and that was useful for another class as we could have a study group. Overall, great job!
I really enjoyed this course! I thought your assignments were an excellent way to learn the material.
I appreciated the amount of time and effort he went to teach us R and make us comfortable with it. I also appreciated his flexibility with the assignments and exams so that we learn the concepts more.
Professor is very passionate about teaching this course. He is very engaging and inspires me to work hard to learn as much as possible by internalizing the acquired knowledge.
