Thank you Professor. I have learnt a lot.
Abe is an incredibly nice person and has a good taste in music so this is hard to write. This course is very difficult to follow, when the topics are not. Organization is key to being able to follow an instructor and while you can tell Professor Kazemzadeh knows the topics inside and out, he struggles to relay them in a fashion that is easy to digest. Particularly, it would help if you start from a high level overview of what we are going to cover and what it is used for, before diving in and just going from step to step, waiting until the end to discuss the bigger picture. The layout of Canvas is also not the easiest to follow. Abe's most redeeming quality is that he cares about his students and is willing to take additional time to explain topics they may be struggling with. Overall I would likely give the course a C-. Most of what I learned I gathered from the book or online resources. Lecture was supplementary at best and sometimes was more confusing than it was helpful. I wish nothing but the best for Professor Kazemzadeh but a true reflection on how to present a lecture in an organized fashion, and probably a public speaking course, I believe would greatly benefit him and the course.
N/A
I believe he is a fair teacher who listens to all when in class and tries to reach everyone by engaging conversation and examples. I enjoyed the class curriculum and I have definitely loved learning statistics through R.
This class feels like two courses that were mashed together, but not mashed together well. There’s two subjects that we focus on R and statistics. I feel like we need to focus on one topic for the course to be more helpful or work with R more
Overall I really enjoyed this course and Abe did a really good job. He provided plenty of opportunity to grow, learn, and benefit from the material. He also provided plenty of opportunities to do well. And finally, he illustrated how the course material applied to real world problems and applications.
Tougher material to teach. Bouncing between R and book was a bit rough. Not sure I feel great on either, but I could do it.
It was a unique semester virtually with Covid. As a business student I thought I had a good understanding of statistics coming into class which was a strength but I am not as strong when it came to R as many of the other students who came from the school of engineering. Classmates may have had an upper hand with related experiences in python or other course work which a business student wouldn’t have. I sometimes fell behind during the online classes practicing r and between switching screens and it could be hard to do further functions if you missed something before. The text book was helpful when it came statistics related material but it didn’t have much direction on R, I wish maybe there was more writing or directions or another textbook to practice/learn R more outside off following along during class time. Abe is very reasonable and it was great learning from him this semester, thank you!
