The instructor does not always seem to know what he is doing or what he is talking about, especially when trying to show something in class or when someone asks a question.
Professor Kazemzadeh organized the study material in a way it was quite easy to follow. When I started this course I was pretty novice but I have learned a lot from this course. Thank you so much for offering such a wonderful class and great lectures.
Prof. K is a great teacher. I truly appreciated his class and enjoyed learning from him. The most challenging aspect of the class was trying to have group discussions/participations. Discussions could be more structured or Prof. K. could call on others, to force people to engage more. I would rather work with my peers on a project than discuss the book readings... it's just hard to have good class discussions late at night. All said and done, Prof. K is one of the better professors I've had this year. Truly enjoyed his class.
It would have been helpful if there was 10-15 min time at the end for questions. Also, it would have been great if he gave breaks halfway during class and not towards the end. Some people haven't ate dinner yet. Overall, Abe is a great professor.
good
came in with little to know knowlege on databases, glad i took this class. I can leave knowing that i have learned more than i expected to.
Amazing Learning Experience
great
Really good course. Learned a lot more about database, especially about Oracle database.
As someone who has prior knowledge of database, the class was a bit boring at times. However, professor Abe did great at sharing database experience and relevant modernized database information to give the class a better understanding. It was helpful when we used Oracle Developer to make the database.
Prof. Abe is a very good person. As a teacher, he supports the students max. Overall good class and my only suggestion is that, classes could have been more interactive. Sometimes, I feel the interaction between the students and prof is less. Not all the times, but still some of the classes I felt so.
Professor Abe is really friendly and kind. He would encourage people to ask questions and try to help as much as possible. He made me feel very comfortable asking question and just being in his class. However, his way of teaching is really boring ..
Abe is very responsive to questions and I can tell he has a lot of subject matter expertise. Abe's lecture style could be more engaging. I found his presentation skills a little disorganized and his thoughts hard to follow at times. Abe's grading is fair and overall, I'd say more hands-on SQL exercises would benefit students taking this course.
Thank you for a great semester! The information you have taught in this class have allowed me to advance further in my career and better understand how databases play into all aspects of our daily lives.
Maybe have more activities for us to do on our own? I feel like following along with what you did does ease the nervous feeling, but I also don't gain much confidence on I actually know the stuff.
