Prof. Abe is an excellent instructor. The class content can be more engaging with in-class coding sessions along with slides.
good
truly appreaviate professor for well organized and arragement for every class.\great professor.
Really enjoyed your teaching style.. the atmosphere you have created on the class really encouraged me to ask questions and explore more. This is coming from a person who is introvert (INFJ). Last but not least, I have loved the jazz music you played in between the active sessions. Thank you, Abe!
Overall a good class experience and I enjoyed attending every class session. I would definitely find other courses with the same professor. One recommendation I would give is to have some type of fun online quiz game (ex: Quizizz.com) at the beginning of class rather than breakout discussion rooms. This would help students get a good recap of the terms or vocab of what was taught in the previous class session.
It is obvious that Abe wants to teach the information in the class and that he wants us to succeed. I also appreciate his honesty when not as sure on topics and is open to feedback from the class. I understand sql is not a language that Abe is as comfortable with, but is always open for questions and willing to research on the spot. I feel that the survey assignment was a create way to incorporate our data into creating tables and modifying tables. I liked the concepts of the other assignments moving closer to the final project. I appreciate the "chose your own adventure" final project approach. I feel that this does give students more of an option to explore areas they are interested in. There are a few areas in the class that I don't feel was as successful. I am sure this is also different because online (which I took this section because it was offered online), but most of the members of my assigned breakout groups did not actually talk, work collaboratively, or even engage past the first group assignment. I understand the goal of what the breakout groups was aiming for, but I don't think it was a productive use of time all of the time. It may be nice to have a few more breaks. Abe again is very eager to teach and share information with the class, but sometimes I think our brains need a few more short breaks. Again, I enjoy being able to take my break at home because class is online, but could still use a few more bio / brain breaks. I liked the hands on examples that were worked on in class, but maybe more of those examples could be integrated more in when going through the lecture part in the slides and looking at the book. Sometimes it is helpful to break up the text a bit more too for tired brains. Overall, the ratings I scored in this survey will seem low, but a large part of it is due to my level of comfort and experience with databases prior to class. Thank you Abe for teaching this class and teaching it online!
The professor might not have field experience in this class. We rely more on the textbook and do not gain additional information further from that. Professor stumbles throughout the lesson and seems to be stumped by more in depth questions in class. I have gained more knowledge from going to youtube to understand how to do the assignments from my professor. The quizzes are more of a seek and find terminology from the text book than truly understanding the material. I was disappointed by this course. This might be better suited for an intro in the undergraduate level than for a master's course.
I like the right speed in which Prof. Abe taught and the flexibility he provides where we can do a make up session with other day in the week. Had a very good experience and learned new theoretical and practical knowledge. Thank you Professor
I would appreciate more hands-on activity in class than lectures. I think having example of codes and walking through what it does and creating it would help with the learning process more.
