Good teacher, appreciated the lectures greatly and appreciated his seeking feedback on course improvement.
Hands on part of lecture was especially valuable.

As an MBA student, this course was pretty difficult for me to understand.
Jumping right into Enterprise Miner was hard for me to grasp because it was pretty technical and I didn't really feel like I was getting the "why" behind using that platform.
I think using more real world applications each week with Enterprise Miner might have helped.
It got better as we went into Tableau as the handouts were a little easier to follow and it was a more intuitive platform.
I do think that final project helps tie things together and gives a better meaning to the course and why I took it.
I would also recommend reworking how the lectures are presented.
The handouts are definitely helpful, but I went through them again line by line after the lecture to help with the assignments.
So it seemed like a bit of a waste to spend half our class time going step by step through the handouts.
Maybe it would be more helpful to go over different examples than what's included in the handout.
Overall, I found myself enjoying the class more once we got to Tableau and I learned a lot through the final project and relating our classwork to a real world example.
Thanks for a great semester!

This course was comprised of two tools learning, one for data analytics and other for visualization.
We have covered tableau much better than Enterprise miner.
May be some more practical approach was missing in this course.
Apart from Enterprise miner, there are many other data analytics tool which are better than it.
We can include other tools as well.

I have a lot of "moderate progress" as I have fairly substantial work history regarding this topic.
However, the professor brings a large understanding, and passion to the subject matter.
I've given my suggestion that the course material should be "flipped", but overall the course is meaningful for the average student, and with this professor, especially regarding the second half of the course.

the professor relied heavy on information that was taught in another class.
As someone who was from the MSA program, I felt like I was always trying to catch up and having to piece information together on my own.

very kind and helping professor ever i have seen.

Professor goes out of his way to help students learn in his class and to make them learn at their own pace with his guidance.

