Great professor!
Very helpful and knowledgeable

Professor Abe has been excellent.
I appreciate the impact this class has had on me professionally

This was his first time teaching the course so we all were learning the pace of the course with him.
I enjoyed his flexibility and how he tries to engage with the students (despite how covid and zoom has been with students interacting).
I would say that overall he did a good job but I, personally, would've enjoyed more hands on work and less textbook reading and discussion of the textbooks.
I think with databases, doing rather than reading, helps comprehend what everything does.

Prior to taking this course I feel I had a very strong foundation for the content covered in Database Management Systems and Design, which was much different than many other individuals I found were taking the course.
I thought Abe did an excellent job of catering to the differing levels of understanding and skillsets.
The course followed a very meaningful sequence of concepts, and was delivered in a way that I felt everyone was set up for success.
Too, I appreciated the time Abe put into sending weekly class emails, previews of the course content in modules, and giving enough information ahead of time so students who have responsibilities outside of class could really plan and stay on top of course content.
Overall I was very pleased with my experience and the instruction I received.

Professor Kazemzadeh is an incredibly thorough teacher.
He is very in-depth the topics he teaches.
While sometimes learning from him can be like trying to take a sip of water from a firehose, I do learn quite a bit.
I believe that he does a good job of teaching to a diverse background of students.
I would like more hands on activites, but I will always take Professor Kazemzadeh if he's available for a course I need to take.

I think it would have helped if some of the assignments were more structured.
That way it would be easier to see if we are making any mistakes after the answer key is published.
I also think it would help if we were forced to use SQL more.

More hands on activities or activities with quicker/instant feedback would be useful to judge understanding.
Examples: Kahoot, more frequent/well defined assignments or mini-projects.

I felt that the instructor did not have quite enough depth of knowledge to teach this course very effectively.

Abe is very committed to helping his students; He seemed well-versed and I appreciate his attempts help the class engage with one another.
I would have liked more Oracle assignments and hands-on activities (instead of demos by Prof Abe).
I think for what I paid for tuition, this was not worth the tuition paid.
Assignments forced us to do things we barely learned in class, I ended learning more off Youtube than in class.
Final project was a little all over the place (though the flexibility in topic was very appreciated) and not as organized as I think it could have been.

