Knowledgeable about the subject and makes class interesting.

I would like to say thanks to the professor that he has given us good knowledge about this course.
Thank you so much, professor.

There probably should have been more assignments or quizzes.
Having one bad day/week can cost a lot.

Better preparation for more fluid classes.
Less time spent on tangents, more on the material.
Time wasted at the beginning of class is mostly unnecessary.

Professor is excellent.
I would recommend the class with Abe anytime.

I enjoyed this course, although there were many times that the professor spent too long trying to answer one student's individual question instead of requesting them to attend office hours.
This meant that we frequently didn't finish lectures or get to dive into the hands on activity.

N/A

Prof. Abe is an excellent teacher.
He is very kind and approachable person with great subject knowledge.
He is gem of a person.
Thank for teaching us!

Professor Kazemzadeh is definitely knowledgeable in this subject, however he might make a better professor for undergraduate versus graduate level students.
While he's very nice and patient and takes the time to listen to students, often he will get distracted and go on a tangent about something that is deeper than where we are in the class/level of understanding for most students.
This then creates a ripple effect where class goes past 9pm which can be frustrating since most of us work full time jobs prior to class, it's important to respect our time as well and end class as scheduled.
he in class hands-on activities also seem unstructured and in the end don't prepare us for the homework/final project.
I think the class needs a better balance of lecture versus hands-on activities rather than just rushing through it at the end of class.
We spent more time doing work in OracleDataModeler in one class than it felt like we did of database creation/querying, even though Professor kept saying it's more important to be comfortable and capable querying than building models, I felt we could have gotten deeper on writing complex queries which would be more beneficial.

The Professor has very good hands-on knowledge of the database.
His practical examples helped us understand the concepts.

