Prof Abe is excellent in articulating concepts and very patient with students.
I learned quite a lot useful knowledge that I can apply to my work and research.

The course is trying to do too much in short time and there isn't enough time to full learn the subject before having to move on to next.
No regular practice to make sure I grasp the concept until a test when I realize I didn't actually understand it.

Great course.
Learnt new things that making more competitive for data analysis.
Sometime reading the book is hard and correlate with R seems little challenging.
Definitely enjoying R Studio, RMarkdown and Github.

Very patient and an overall a good prof.

I think Abe could come more prepared to class to show examples from the book.
Often it felt like he was walking through them for the first time while showing us.
He understands the concepts, but at times it got lost while sorting through the problem.
Also it felt broken between learning the statistical equations in the textbook versus R.
I really enjoyed working in R and doing the problems in the textbook, I just wish there was more of a tie, it would help solidify concepts and theories and equations.
It would be able to show R's capabilities and also be able to feel comfortable using it in everyday work situations.
Right now I feel there's so much in R that we've gone over in class but I don't know where or how to use it/explain it and then so much more that we never went over that could be relevant.

I really enjoyed the homework format provided and learned a lot through them.
Would love to have more homework that practically applies the readings in RStudio and have more questions to solve that would be similar to the assigned quizzes.

I enjoyed the course quite a bit.
I don’t have a stats background, but concepts and methods were understandable after having spent time with it.
Professor is very understanding of the range in class stats knowledge and was fair in their creation and assessment of assignments, quizzes and exams.
I liked that the final project gave us total creativity to explore a topic of our choice.
I do think we could have used a bit more classroom breakouts to discuss the reading with fellow classmates.
Since there were no group projects, it was a little harder trying to get to know my classmates.
Surprisingly, more people turned their cameras on during breakouts than in the larger group.
A few more smaller group settings could help for future courses.
Overall, a really great course and kept my interest in statistics and R.

