The class is interactive and the gentle introduction of new topics helped both experienced and new students to the subject to progress with ease.
You may wish to introduce more group assignments earlier on in the course, if it is possible.
Your patience with everyone was awesome.
Thank you.

loved the way of teaching, group discussions.
Overall enjoyed the course!!

For future semesters, it may be helpful to pare down the readings a bit, or highlight the most important sections of a reading beforehand.
In lecture, it often felt like it took too long to get us into the material.
Getting into the material quicker could give more hands-on time and activities, which would be very appreciated.

I thought the course was really helpful in terms of understanding concepts better and applying them in the actual sql queries because of the final project where we put all the concepts in on thing, so we could see how to use the data modeler to create the diagrams and then using either LiveSQL or the live class database to display our data to our classmates, it really helped knowing how to actual see how everything we learned applyed to real life.

Great course and instructor.
Hopefully I am able to take more classes with Professor Kazemzadeh.
My progress was made evident with the final project, where I surprised myself developing my own DBMS.
Professor was exceptional in knowledge and teaching.

Should concentrate more time on introducing the materials than reviewing the homework.
We could explore the topics more rather than learn them by ourselves.
Reading should be shorter.
Reading takes a lot of time and sometimes I end up giving it up.

The professor was amazing and very informative.
Really made foreign topics easy.

Amazing teacher and methods, difficult subject matter to wrap head around with busy schedule and zero prior experience.

Overall, this has been a great class for someone who had no database knowledge/experience.
The workload is manageable and the professor does an excellent job.

You did a very good job with teaching.
I also love that we could approach you when we had issues.
Thank you!

It was a great learning experience taking thi course.

Professor Abe is a great instructor
and I felt I learnt a lot this semester.
The course was extremely interesting and the instructor is clearly knowledgeable, approachable and focuses more on practical things.
Definitely I would put my effort in reading the course material earlier to class as per the ask but I would expect him to teach the basics too in the class.

